content/posts/apps.md, before:

So I built two apps that will help students study and plan for college. One is an ios app that is essentially instagram or airbnb for study spots on campus the other is a webapp that stores and manages student plans for graduation.

## [IlliniPlan.com](https://illiniplan.com): [project description](https://www.aidanandrews.info/projects/illini-plan)
- The website is up and running and allows users to search through courses on the course explorer and see insightful information on the course
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/fqRqdyT98xw" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe>

<!-- [![IlliniPlan Demo](https://img.youtube.com/vi/fqRqdyT98xw/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fqRqdyT98xw) -->

## IlliniSpots: [project description](https://www.aidanandrews.info/projects/illini-spots)

<!-- <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/9nyc0nOVd4U" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> -->

[![IlliniSpots Demo](https://img.youtube.com/vi/9nyc0nOVd4U/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9nyc0nOVd4U)

Commit message:

final changes to plan and spots post

content/posts/apps.md, after:

So I built two apps that will help students study and plan for college. One is an ios app that is essentially instagram or airbnb for study spots on campus the other is a webapp that stores and manages student plans for graduation.

## [IlliniPlan.com](https://illiniplan.com): [project description](https://www.aidanandrews.info/projects/illini-plan)
- The website is up and running and allows users to search through courses on the course explorer and see insightful information on the course.

### Demo:
[![IlliniPlan Demo](https://img.youtube.com/vi/fqRqdyT98xw/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fqRqdyT98xw)

## IlliniSpots: [project description](https://www.aidanandrews.info/projects/illini-spots)
- This ios app is in development and will be on the app store in February 2025. It allows users to find rate and review study spots. Additional features: upload user photos of study spots, reserve rooms in library.

### Demo:
[![IlliniSpots Demo](https://img.youtube.com/vi/9nyc0nOVd4U/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9nyc0nOVd4U)
